* you won't admit
you love me *
* and so *
* how am i ever *
* to know? *
* you always tell me *
* perhaps, perhaps, perhaps *
* perhaps *
are you two absolutely certain
you're not pregnant?
you know, we've got to
develop a new form of greeting.
you're not.
are you sure?
sally, deep breath.
if you stare long enough
at that window,
you can make
a blue line appear.
yeah. i think that's
how i prefer to do it.
test-wise, jane,
you'd be skipping
a vital step.
well, aren't you
mrs. knowledgeable
all of a sudden.
are you and steve
trying for a baby?
i just know
you're supposed to
pee on the end.
what--for luck?
i'm talking about
the test, jane.
okay.
you know what happens now?
you do another test?
could have been faulty.
it can happen.
and i do think there's
a hint of a line there.
go for it.
this time i need your help.
the mind reels in a number
of unpleasant directions.
if you two are sure
you're not pregnant,
you can be my control tests.
is this really necessary?
come on, please.
it could be fun.
on the other hand,
it could be peeing
on a stick.
frankly, there's
a built-in fun limit.
exactly.
there isn't even room
to write your name.
sally:
are you guys done yet?
there you go.
thank you, susan.
jane?
there isn't even room
to write your initials.
jane, please.
it just feels
so impersonal.
how long does it take?
generally under a minute.
you just know
so much about this.
it's like you're
suddenly earth mother,
without the breasts.
i'm glad you're the one
with the breasts, jane.
i'd hate anyone
to get us mixed up.
do people really call me
"the one with breasts"?
absolutely.
what do they call you?
susan.
( sally shrieks )
sally, what's happened?
sally: blue line!
absolutely,
definitely blue line!
blue line baby alert!
oh, my god!
is it a boy
or a girl?
kind of early days, jane.
it's so blue
and liney!
it's really liney!
it's like a whole blue line
of blue lineyness!
let me look at it.
i'm sure it's not--
oh, my god!
which one's mine?
can i see mine?
one of those two.
which one?
i don't know.
my god, susan.
oh, my god.
you don't know?
does it matter?
i'm the one who's pregnant.
susan, what am i
going to do?
i'm sorry--
you don't know?
will you two shut up
about your tests?
i'm going to have a baby!
sally--
a bald, noisy thing with eyes
is going to climb
out of my genitals
and destroy my life!
and my mother
is going to side with it!
sally, just as
a matter of interest,
you are certain
this is your test?
of course i'm certain.
good.
right.
look--it's got
a blue line on it.
how do you know the one with
the blue line on it is yours?
because i'm pregnant,
you fool!
and just supposing
you weren't the one
who was pregnant?
then this wouldn't
be my test, would it?
right.
yes.
funny thing, actually.
in fact--
you see, i had
all three tests
in my hand,
and i was really keen
to find out the terrible truth,
and i was surrounded
by the whole mad cubicle--
sally.
anyone ready
to go again yet?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
i suppose we need to find
an all-night chemist.
yeah, i suppose.
and potentially
some kind of...
father?
yeah.
shit.
what?
susan?
only fair to tell you--
one of you guys is pregnant.
it's not me.
you don't know that.
yeah, 'cause even if
you've had your period--
you don't understand.
it can't be me.
what do you mean,
"can't"?
i mean, steve and i can't.
so...something's...wrong?
clearly.
you have been trying, then?
we never really got round
to organizing a wedding.
thought maybe a whole
human being would be easier.
so we had the conversation.
the conversation?
you know,
the baby conversation.
susan, do we do anything
about birth control?
don't worry about it.
okay.
a few months later,
we went to see someone.
just to get ourselves
checked out.
if you're gonna
marry someone,
you want to make sure
everything's in...
working order.
man: so, how long
have you been trying?
we haven't, really.
six months.
so we got ourselves
checked out properly.
you mean you went
to one of those places
where men go into--
into a cup, yeah.
i had a dream about
one of those places.
oh, i'm sure you did.
all the storage vats exploded,
and it was up to me
to save the town.
anyway...
oh, i'm sorry.
i'm looking for
steve taylor.
ha ha ha ha!
is he here?
um, cubicle eight.
ha ha ha ha ha!
is there a problem?
no! no! ha ha ha!
steve.
hello, darling.
hello.
something wrong?
you've been in there
for an hour and a half!
about that, yeah.
about that.
how did you know that?
steve, they phoned me.
oh.
so...
how's it going?
well, you know--
early days.
how quickly do you
think i can do this?
no offense, darling,
but really quite quickly.
well, i've gotta...
get in the mood.
what, there's
a particular mood
for this?
of course
there's a mood!
okay, well,
maybe i can help.
um...
darling, i'm just stepping out
to the shops for an hour.
and i don't like the porn.
you what?!
they've got porn here.
i don't like it.
it's got blokes in it.
i'm against blokes in porn,
there should be only women.
possibly with
some women friends, or--
oh, god, not
the lesbian thing again!
once and for all,
what is so special
about lesbians?
lesbians are
porn efficient.
it's sex with a greater
density of women.
porn-wise,
lesbians are like a jam sandwich
without the sandwich
and just the jam.
in fact, lesbians are just
a big blob of jam.
well, not actually.
unless they've exploded
in all the lesbonic excitement.
Jeff--
also, in bloke-driven porn,
you run the risk
of potentially dangerous
eye slippage.
eye slippage?
if, in the climactic seconds,
your eye slips from
the girl to the bloke,
the sudden shock
can cause a whiplash event.
and trust me,
lower whiplash is not an injury
you want to have to explain
while you're being
stretchered out
through your mother's
coffee morning.
obviously Jeff's
more than averagely acquainted
with some of these issues.
steve, Jeff is more
than averagely here.
i had to send out
for more suitable...
material.
you sent out?
well, they don't have
any kind of porn menu here.
i don't even think
they knew what i meant.
that's your pillow.
yes.
no, i mean your pillow.
from your bed at home.
yeah, i got Jeff
to get that, too.
it's my favorite pillow.
i always use this pillow.
what do you
do with it?
nothing, it's just
for my head.
his main head.
thank you for
the clarification,
Jeff.
oh, steve!
is something wrong, dear?
is something wrong?
you've asked trained
medical professionals
for a porn menu!
you've sent out for lesbians!
and a comfort pillow!
and if that wasn't strange
and alarming enough, Jeff!
why didn't you just
ask patrick along
while you're at it?
hello, susan!
what are you doing here?
patrick gave me a lift.
i was maybe a little vague
about what exactly went on here,
and he got
a bit excited.
don't think i've ever seen a man
look so disappointed by a cup.
you didn't really think
you got to have sex
with one of the nurses,
did you?
i did.
patrick, you are
a sad and twisted man.
no, susan--
he...did.
no, no, no, no.
i just got her phone number,
that's all.
you should have seen
the look she gave him,
though!
the full-on patrick effect!
when patrick
walks these corridors,
every sperm in the building
pricks up its ears--
"the mothership!
i hear the call
of the mothership!"
that doesn't actually happen.
a week after sally
tells you she loves you,
and you're getting
some girl's phone number!
we were talking,
she's a nurse.
it was automatic.
have you phoned sally yet?
no.
well, phone her soon,
patrick.
or, no offense,
i'll rip your throat out.
why is everything
always so difficult
with you?
other people just do things.
with you, everything
is a major problem.
it's not my fault.
it's never your fault.
it's this place.
it's too wholesome.
look, it's wrong
for masturbation.
masturbation is supposed
to be a bad thing, it--
it's a stealth activity.
you do it on your own,
in secret,
and you lie about it
afterwards.
you feel guilt!
it's one of the last forms
of entirely safe guilt
left available to a man!
i mean, look at this place!
look what the mad fools
have done!
it's an office suite
for masturbation!
there's a receptionist.
there are no receptionists
in masturbation.
do you realize
what i'm expected
to do here?
do you understand
the insanity of it?
i am being asked
to masturbate
in a good cause.
no.
susan, i implore you--
i implore all women everywhere
on behalf of all men--
do not take the wrongness
of masturbation from us.
hear, hear.
okay.
it'll make very little
difference anyway.
you're not the one
with the problem--i am.
what do you mean?
what's happened?
i had a chat
with dr. graham.
what did he say?
that we'd need a miracle.
and you can't even
manage a cup, apparently.
susan!
then there were two.
you ready to go again yet?
so, did patrick
ever phone?
susan, patrick and i
had our first kiss
to the spiderman theme song.
some things are not
meant to be.
he will phone, you know.
of course he will.
and i'll get the speech
about how wonderful i am.
basic rule, isn't it--
the more wonderful you are
at the start of the speech,
the more dumped
you are at the end.
patrick's not the only man
in the world, you know.
my mistake.
so, could it be you, jane?
well, thinking about it,
actually...
it really could be.
really. who?
i'm guessing
it's not james.
well, james is celibate
and in germany,
so i've ruled him out.
then who?
a couple of weeks ago
i went a bit mad.
well, sort of...
desperate, really.
how desperate?
( doorbell )
Jeff?!
i've always felt
that Jeff and i
have a deep spiritual
connection
that binds us together
in strange
and unknowable ways.
i'd like to speak
to Jeff, please.
i am Jeff.
okay.
( doorbell rings )
oh!
that's handy.
it's good that you and i are
finally having a little chat.
yes, great.
i'm sure we've got
a lot in common.
me, too.
attack of the 50-foot woman.
yeah.
i also enjoy
feminist cinema.
oh.
good.
can i get you anything?
i'm fine, actually.
anything at all.
what have you got?
four biscuits
and an apple.
oh.
i've owned the apple
for a while.
i think it's probably
still broadly feasible.
but i wouldn't
want to talk it up.
i'm fine, really.
it's very easy
to miss the apple window,
isn't it?
i get very tense
around apples.
you do?
well, i get very tense
generally.
i think i've fallen
into the trap
of blaming fruit.
i think you've got
a very beautiful soul.
yeah?
i'm very aware
of people's inner beauty.
it's one of the most
fascinating things about me.
inner beauty.
inner beauty's
very important, Jeffrey.
so sometimes, ugly people
could be really beautiful
on the inside?
no, that never happens.
you could have
a look at the apple.
i've ordered pizza.
pizza?
before i came.
i thought it'd be nice
to come here and have lunch.
"lunch with Jeffrey,"
i thought. so i ordered pizza.
brilliant!
you don't mind?
no, of course not!
people hardly ever
come here for lunch.
well, i have!
excellent! i'm really pleased!
i'm pleased you're pleased!
i love pizza!
oh--would you
have liked one, too?
no.
no, not at all.
i'll probably go
and check out that apple,
actually.
see if it's peaked.
i love ordering pizza.
because you get to meet someone
and have a meal,
so it's a bit like a date.
except you have to pay for it
and eat it on your own.
i think ordering pizza's
really good for lonely people...
who can't cook.
well, i can't cook.
i can't cook, either.
so how's julia?
julia.
i was really surprised
when you got it together
with julia.
i'd always pegged you for--
well, you know.
gay?
dying alone.
uh, julia's gone off
for a bit, actually.
where?
well, this guy
turned up--joe--
sort of an ex.
so she wanted to go
and explore her feelings
about him--
in bolton.
it's been a while now,
i think she's got
quite a few feelings
to work through.
probably about twenty.
well, my james is exploring
his feelings, too. in germany.
i has this really weird dream
about julia just last night.
dreams are very important,
Jeffrey.
we were roaming
the african plains
together,
wild and free...
she was a lioness,
leaping from tree to tree
and biting gazelles.
and joe was a lion
from a rival pride,
and he was trying
to steal her away from me.
and i was an otter.
which made things
quite difficult
in the combat zone.
anyway, joe and julia
ran off together,
and i tried
to chase after them,
but it was really hard
'cause there were no rivers
running that way.
the african plains
are really under-rivered,
pursuit-wise.
and then, just as i was
about to catch up with them
by this unexpected marina,
there was this terrible roar!
my mother sprang
from the undergrowth,
scooped me up in her jaws,
and carried me
back to the pride.
so your mother
was a lion, too?
no.
well, never mind
being an otter--
you try being
in love with a man
who won't have sex with you
because of god.
it's not easy loving a man
who's in love with god.
it's not acceptable to dress up
in a long beard and robe
and shout,
"i am the lord your god,
take me now!"
i've never seen him
look so cross.
which was odd,
because...
it really worked for me.
i think i'll go and look
for that apple.
i'll help.
i'm good at apples.
it's all rubbish,
isn't it?
rubbish?
they're not exploring their
feelings, they're leaving.
yeah.
yeah, i know.
we don't deserve this.
we really, really
don't deserve this, Jeffrey.
( cell phone rings )
that's my mobile.
hang on.
i am the lord your god.
( hisses )
meow!
sorry, jane,
i've got to go.
where?!
that was steve.
he wants me to
go straight to his house,
collect all his pornography,
his favorite pillow,
and some snacks,
and meet him
at this location.
why?
i didn't think to ask.
i'll see you later.
ohh!
( doorbell )
pizza. for one.
let there be light.
the pizza man?
on Jeff's floor?
i know.
but i've always believed
you can't get pregnant
if you don't really
know the person.
that's complete crap,
isn't it?
yeah, it's pretty much crap,
actually, jane.
ohh, it can't be me!
i haven't done anything
to offend god recently.
what about you?
who's your guy?
peter.
remember the one
i was with
when patrick came to save me
from the spider attack?
oh, no. really?
a complete and total wanker.
trust me to get
his one night off.
oh, sally.
please don't let it be me.
patrick would hate me.
he probably hates me already,
but he'd hate me double.
so, have we got a fix on
the nearest open chemist?
two streets away.
( beeping )
maybe we should--
text message?
yeah.
who from?
who do you think?
sally.
patrick.
private function?
yeah, there's
something later.
oh. so it's not us, then?
no, no.
definitely not us.
sally...
you are the most wonderful woman
in the history of
the entire universe.
you're incredible.
you've got the looks
of a miss world
with the brains to match.
you're more than a woman,
you're like...a man.
seriously,
you could be a bloke
anytime you wanted.
obviously a bloke with
some pretty serious defects,
but who cares about that,
i've seen you down drinks
with the best of 'em.
i wish i'd had
a mother like you.
or a grandmother
or any kind of...
ancestor.
and since you said
what you said,
i've had a lot of time
to think,
but obviously that
isn't always possible.
nonetheless, i have
been able to consider your...
application.
and, and this is the point,
this is the important point--
sally, you need someone
good enough for you.
you don't want some
mutton-headed city boy
who spends all his time
thinking about his cars
and his golf clubs.
you want someone
who can love you
the way you deserve
to be loved,
the way i want you
to be loved.
sally, you need someone
who will love you forever--
properly.
you're my friend, sally,
and i want to see you
with the best.
you need mr. amazing,
mr. incredibly, superbly...
fantastickness.
and in your heart,
i'm sure you know i'm right.
i don't want mr. superbly,
incredibly fantastickness,
you stupid, stupid ass.
i want you.
oh, for god's sake,
sally.
what?
what?!
i was talking about me!
so--
you're mr. superbly,
incredibly whatever?!
well, yes!
you...
love me?
remember this?
( sound system plays )
* spiderman, spiderman *
* does wherever a spider can *
* spins a web, any size *
* catches thieves
just like flies *
* look out,
here comes spiderman *
oh, my god!
i thought it might
help set the mood.
you said the private function
wasn't us!
a clever lie.
i'd just like it
to be recorded
i was against the costume part.
i wasn't!
i'm also against
the dancing.
i invented this dance!
he wrote it down.
i did!
he's planning to present you
with the early sketches.
come on, steve,
you know you want to!
this is a romantic moment,
Jeff,
your sudden death
might kill the mood.
nothing in the world
could kill the mood.
i'm not pregnant!
look! look at this!
i'm absolutely
100% not pregnant!
i have shagged and shagged
and shagged,
and all the little
bastards missed!
it's a miracle!
i'm not pregnant!
hi, jane.
james.
you're back from germany.
and i'm not pregnant.
that's what i call chemistry.
well, you've clearly
been...busy.
oh, my god.
listen, jane--
shh!
sally--
sally, what's wrong?
sally, no--don't.
i'm pregnant.
( chuckling )
no, you're not.
yes, i am.
i am sally harper.
there is nothing in this world
so good that
i can't screw it up.
so let me assure you, patrick...
darling...
yes, i am.
susan: no, you're not.
it's me.
wha--
h-h-how?
w-who?
wh-what?
hippo!
time's up, steve.
i think it's
someone else's turn
to be a child.
* if you can't
make your mind up *
* we'll never *
* get started *
* and i don't
want to wind up *
* being parted *
* brokenhearted *
* so if you really love me *
* say yes *
* and please don't tell me *
* perhaps, perhaps, perhaps *
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org